If you ever felt like law of attraction
is too woo woo and out there, or if you
do believe it, but you feel exhausted
trying to do everything right, then this
is the video for you. A lot of messages
out there make manifestation seem like a
magical ritual. But at its core, it's
really just identity, mindset, and
getting out of your own way. In this
video, I'm going to talk about three
paradoxes of the law of attraction, law
of assumption, whatever you want to call
it, that helped me practice and
understand it in a more practical,
healthy, and grounded way. And these
aren't just spiritual concepts, they're
practical mindset shifts. And I
especially think that the second and
third one will be game changers for you.
First things first, since a lot of you
guys found this channel very recently, I
just want to take a quick minute to talk
about where I want to take this channel.
And if you don't want to hear this, then
feel free to skip to the next section. I
am really overwhelmed by the response
that the last video received and by all
of your comments. I'm very grateful that
the message resonated. So, thank you for
being here. With that said, I know that
the topic of LOA, law of attraction, law
of assumption is very popular on this
platform and I know that a lot of you
guys found me through this. However, I
just want to make it clear that this is
not going to be a pure LOA channel
because at the end of the day, the law
is the law is the law and the principles
are all the same. The key is not to
consume endlessly, but to really put
what you learn into practice.
Ultimately, I want to use this channel
as more of an open journal, as I say in
my bio, and I want to talk about various
things like mental health, personal
development, share books with you guys
that I like, um, general life
reflections. And I already know this is
probably not going to be good for the
algorithm, but this is the plan for now.
And I do hope you guys stick around. And
if you don't think this is what you
signed up for, then that's totally fine,
too. I'm sure you've heard of this
paradox. so much. The more you can allow
yourself to detach from something, the
more you can allow it into your life.
The way I think about detachment is two
things. So first,
it's not needing an outcome to happen in
order to feel okay. So you don't have to
feel happy, but you are emotionally
independent from the thing happening.
And secondly, if that thing is not
happening, you don't feel the need to
force or control outcomes. So for me,
it's a combination of those two things.
And let me give you a personal example
of what detachment does not look like.
The reason it took me so long to make
another video was that I got very
attached outcomes and my fears got the
best of me. People were saying, "Hey,
can you keep making videos like this?"
And my mental dialogue started going,
"Will I be able to make something that
resonates like that again? And will I
disappoint people?" I tried shooting
this video three times because every
time I sat down to try and edit it, I
just started nitpicking everything and
nothing felt good enough. So suddenly I
was not creating from a place of flow
anymore, but from fear. And that's
attachment. Trying to force something,
trying to prove something, trying to
protect yourself of something.
Attachment can really choke whatever it
is you want to bring into your life,
whether that's a goal, a project, a
relationship, a connection, whatever it
is, anything. But then I remembered when
I did have an energy of detachment. And
so my last video, the one that gained
traction, it was sitting at like 50
views at most after 5 days. And for
context, that video idea about the
bridge of incidents had been sitting in
my brain for over a year. So when I made
that video, it really did feel like
stuff was just flowing out of me. Like I
didn't really have to think about what I
was saying. Even though that video had
virtually no views, I remember feeling
just relieved because I finally made it
and it's out there and whatever happens
happens. I was detached. However, my
goal is still to grow on this platform.
And I had to be very honest with myself
and ask, what would I be doing if I were
really serious about this? And so, after
that 5 days, I sat down and I made a
list of 20 plus video ideas and I
started writing the outlines for them. I
decided that I was going to commit to
the process and not the outcome, no
matter how long it took to get monetized
because that was my original goal. And I
think that's what detachment from the
outcome really looks like. It's you just
keep doing the thing and you keep being
the person because the person who wants
to do this long term would be planning
for the long term, right? Florence
Golshin refers to this as digging your
ditches, which basically just means that
you build your life in a way that makes
room for what you want to receive. Some
people said, "Oh, maybe you manifested
100k views or whatever, right?" And
maybe I did. But here's the thing.
Manifestation is not trying to
manipulate the YouTube algorithm with
your affirmations. It's not about trying
to control outcomes. You're never trying
to control or change what's out there.
You're just trying to change what's in
here and then seeing it reflected back
to you. Making a shift at the identity
level. It's also not about should I take
action or should I not take action.
That's a very simplistic way of looking
at things. It's you're asking yourself,
would the person I want to embody be
taking this action? And sometimes it is
just setting a clear intention and
moving on with your life. But that's a
judgment that you have to make for
yourself. Like you can't go around
asking people, should I do this, should
I do that? Because if you're honest with
yourself, you know, I'm certain you guys
have heard of this book called Atomic
Habits. It's a book about productivity
and changing your habits. The very first
chapter in that book talks about how you
can only change your habits if you also
change at the identity level too. This
is what I mean when I say law of
attraction is not this siloed woowoo
thing because you can find a lot of the
fundamental principles in various
fields. This is probably the most
important part of this video. Something
we're always told is that when we have a
negative thought that we should flip it,
right? We should flip it to the
positive. we should affirm the positive
because positive thoughts create
positive realities and that is true.
However, if you are currently triggered
by something in your life right now and
you feel the emotions start to come up
in your body because emotions always
show up first somewhere in your body and
you start to notice thoughts pop up in
your head in that moment. The more you
try to push away or push down all of
that, the more stuck it's going to
become and get within you. Because it's
very simple. Whatever you resist
persists. So, think about a beach ball,
right? A beach ball that's inflated with
air. The more you try to push it down
into the water, the harder it's going to
pop back up at you. I want to say feel
your emotions and let yourself have
those thoughts for now. And I know
you're worried that your negative
thoughts are going to manifest, right?
The way I think about negative thoughts
is this. So, the average human has over
60,000 thoughts every single day. Every
single one of us, whether you know it or
not. So, thoughts themselves don't
always have real power. Thought is kind
of like a manifestation in itself in
that it's a byproduct of your identity
and beliefs, right? So, it's like a
circumstance. So, if you're reacting in
a panicked way to a thought that comes
up, it's like you're reacting to a bad
circumstance, as people like to say. So,
if you have a negative thought and your
immediate reaction is to panic and
think, "Please go over there. I don't
want you here. Let me affirm this away."
You're actually giving it more power by
resisting it. But if you just let the
thought pass by, it's going to lose its
grip on you. It's the fear and
resistance around the thought that
charges it. And then when you're no
longer reacting from a place of fear,
resistance, or panic, then you can shift
your focus onto the more positive stuff,
right? Or whatever you want to focus on
from a place of neutrality and
non-resistance. Think about the premise
of meditation, right? Meditation is not
about having no thought. It's not about
pushing away thoughts. Meditation is
allowing your thoughts to be as they
are. Noticing them without judgment and
letting them float away on their own.
One thing I really try to do in my life
right now is think of everything as just
is. And what I mean by that is I try not
to put a label of this is good or this
is bad onto anything that's happening.
And this is not some toxic positivity
thing where I think of everything as
good, but it's more that I don't know
what the thing that's happening in front
of me will mean for the future. For me,
the last couple of years really tested
me in a lot of ways. And during that
time, I would have thoughts like, well,
why can't I just affirm this away? And
the answer is that was my bridge of
incidence because if I hadn't gone
through a lot of that I would not have
faced a lot of my insecurities,
attachments, fears and thus
gained some of the emotional maturity
and I would say resilience that allows
me to have things I have now. And for
example, this channel also does not
exist if I hadn't gone through that
period of my life. full stop. And I'm
not saying that you always have to
suffer in order to get what you want or
that you have to go through the ringer
anytime you want to level up in life.
But what I am saying is that I do have a
very deep sense of gratitude for the
experiences that I've had and the
seasons that I've had, as cliche as that
sounds. And I know a lot of rhetoric out
there says to ignore what's in front of
you, right? Ignore your reality. But for
me, the more I accepted what was in
front of me, not in a defeist way, but
in a non-resistant way, the more change
I was able to see. And also, it's just a
more sustainable way of living life. So,
I want you to ask yourself, has there
been a time where the place you didn't
want to be, the place you desperately
tried to escape
from actually led you to where you
needed to be? Because I'm sure there
has. So, can you allow yourself to give
wherever you are right now gratitude and
surrender, even if it's just a smidge?
I'm going to end this video on a little
bit of a rant because I think it's
important. Sometimes I feel like the
more you learn about this, the more lost
you get. And you have to really remind
yourself that again, manifestation is
not a switch that you turn on and off.
It's not some magic potion. It's
something that you do every day.
of your life. So don't let people on the
internet, including me, convince you
that you don't know how to do something
that you already know how to do. When
you feel stuck, think about how you
brought things into your life before you
knew about all this. Think about where
your state of being was, where your
mindset was when something significant
happened in your life. I know a lot of
people come into this thinking it's
about controlling, but that's not what
this is about because the true magic
always happens when you can become
detached and become this non- needy
state of being. So yes, I made a video
about instant manifestation. But the
entire point of that video is about
allowing things to come to you on their
own time in their own way. And
meanwhile, you get to enjoy the
unfolding. And I know this might trigger
some people, but I have to say it. And
it's that knowing about LOA does not
mean life will not happen to you again.
It does not mean that you're never going
to get a paper cut again. You're never
going to get into an argument with
someone again. It does not mean that
you're never going to face challenges in
your life again. Life is still going to
happen and you are still going to have
to face it. It's about who you are being
when you're in front of that. Again,
thank you for being here. Thank you for
watching this video. Let me know it
resonates. I make videos like this not
because I have everything figured out. I
very much do not. It's that I've had to
learn a lot of things the very hard way.
And I want to help people not do
