Hopefully the wind will play ball with
us because I got a feeling that some of
you needed to hear this today. And I'm
just going to spit this out because some
of you need a wakeup call.
Anything that you're experiencing right
now in your life is a byproduct of your
energy. An energy that you have embodied
in the past is creating this current
present moment that you're experiencing
right now. The end period. I don't care
how low you feel, how miserable your
life is, how powerless you feel. The
truth is, you have all the power. You've
created with your energy everything that
you're experiencing right now. And the
only thing that's going to
change your life is you changing your
energy. Nothing else. You know,
successful people, they didn't just wait
on their ass and be this lucky
duck that just got picked up by some
magical superpower and launched into the
stratosphere of success and abundance
and money and all this stuff. They
decided, they made a shift internally,
energetically to align them with that
reality. They embodied the identity, the
version of them that corresponded with
the reality of success, of abundance, of
alignment. It was an internal shift. And
it always will be you standing where you
are right now in the energy that you're
in right now. Whatever you're perceiving
external to you, take note of it because
it's a mirror. It is mirroring back to
you what you are. Anything that you're
experiencing right now is a byproduct of
your energy, something that happened in
the past might be causing you to store
trauma, to store pain, to store anger,
to store resentment unconsciously. And
that's why you don't feel well. That's
why you see people treating you badly.
That's why you're getting up on
opportunities because you're harboring
all this past shame, past hurt, guilt,
traumas, things that happened to you,
resentment, lack of forgiveness,
judgment that's fragmenting your
consciousness and stopping you from
feeling whole, stopping you from feeling
fulfilled. And that is stopping you from
seeing your value, seeing your inherent
value. So, you're standing here in this
fragmented state, holding on to all this
 from the past, not realizing
that that is why your life is so
fragmented. It's your energy that is
creating that experience and nothing
else. People go throughout their lives
and they place blame and point the
finger on everything and everyone but
themselves, and that's why they don't
get anywhere. and you're robbing
yourself of a truly magnificent life
experience, the more you try to point
the finger and blame everything else
because that's not where your power is.
Your power is in you taking radical
responsibility and accountability for
everything happening in your life right
now and for your
energy. The moment that you stand fully
in your authenticity and you say, you
know what, this is who I am. This is my
character. I am going to shine my light.
I'm going to stand here, right here. I'm
going to shine my light so
bright. The world will have no choice
but to reflect that light back to you.
Do you know when I was in my darkest
days, in my darkest period, I was at
home alone. My mom was in hospital. I
had just had my first heartbreak. I lost
the person that I thought would love me
for my whole life. I had huge
abandonment trauma. It was the worst
pain in my life. It was like all my
greatest fears have come true. And you
know what I realized? I spent weeks
crying in my bed. Woe is me. Why is my
life so bad? Being a victim to
everything. And then one day I woke up
and I said, "You know what? If you can't
find the sunshine, be the sunshine."
Something inside me told me that no
matter what, if I decided that I was
strong enough to overcome everything. If
I decided that my inner light would
never be dampened by anything external
to me, then I would always win. I just
knew that on some level, if I could pick
myself up from the dirt, if I could
stand on my two feet again and be
 strong and share that strength
and that light with other people, then
good things had to come to me. I made
the decision in that time in my life
that no matter what happened, I would
always be someone who bounced back. I
would always be someone who chose to see
the good and I would always embody the
energy that I wanted to receive back.
And the moment I started being the
sunshine, guess what? I started
receiving sunshine back to me. And from
that moment forward, I've had that
attitude throughout my whole life. Yes,
I've been knocked on my ass more
times than I can count. I've run out of
money. I've had to lean on family
members to give me money to
survive at times. I've almost lost loved
ones. I've lost relationships that I
thought were it. I've had devastating
things happen to me. But I never let
that dim and suppress my inner light
because so long as I'm still
breathing and I'm still alive, then I've
still got light to share with the world.
And why would I waste another
second dimming that and dimming the
light that I'm receiving back? Because
that's all you're doing. When you take
everything that's happened to you and
everything that people are saying and
everything that's going on outside on
board and you let that dim your light,
all you're doing is killing your life
experience, killing your joy. You're
stopping the good from being able to
come into your life and come towards
you. Opportunity can't knock on a door
that it can't see. If the door
of opportunity is in the dark, if you're
not shining bright and saying,
"This is who I am. I'm expecting good
things. I deserve good things. I'm going
to share this good energy with the world
and expect to receive that back." Then
you're not going to receive that
back. Period. The end. And why would you
waste your life caught up on a
relationship, on something bad that
happened to you, on something that's in
the past that's dead and gone? Why would
you continue to bring that into the
future and ruin your life experience
when there's people who have taken their
 last breath today and you're
still here? I had my mom's friend's
husband passed away yesterday and it got
me thinking of, you know, the family
he's left behind and it got me thinking
about everyone who took their last
breaths yesterday, everyone who took
their last breaths this morning. Right
now, people are taking their last
breaths. And someday, that's going to be
you. And you're going to wonder
in those last moments why you bothered
wasting all this time dimming your
 light being something that
you're not to try and please other
people when all it did was block the
greatness that was meant for you from
streaming into your life. Because here's
the thing, your ego is going to have you
chasing all this this
status, the perfectionism, all these
things that you're not playing small,
playing down on the things that you
truly care about. When the fulfillment
that you're actually looking for, that
your ego is trying to chase is going to
be found in you standing
unapologetically in your authenticity,
being absolutely audaciously yourself.
When you do that fully, when you realize
the value of standing in your true self
in your authenticity, the value of your
depth, your character, your quirks, the
things that you like, who you truly are
at your core, and you fully stand in
that and embrace that, that's when
everything that's actually meant
for you is going to come at you. That's
when you're going to experience true
fulfillment in your work. Alignment with
your soul's purpose, alignment with the
people that see you and
understand you and all the you went
through, all the times that you weren't
seen, all the times that you weren't
understood, it's going to all be worth
it. It's going to all be healed.
But it has to start with you leading the
dance, and you seeing yourself fully,
you appreciating yourself fully, you
understanding who you are, what
you want, and not being afraid to stand
on that and stand in that. No matter if
right now everything around you is
crumbling, if right now nobody
understands you, that's fine. You can
overcome any external circumstance with
the right energy and with the right
mindset. Every
opportunity, every success, all the
money is circulating right now. All the
opportunities are circulating right now.
You're not in a cage. The cage
you've created is created by your
traumas and your fears and your egos.
But that is all in your mind. It's not
real. You have the potential to create
anything that you want. You have free
will. You can change your mind right
now. You can go in a new direction. You
can launch that business. You can move
country. You can break up with that guy.
You can break up with that girl. You can
leave that friend group. You can join a
new club. You can make new friends. You
can do anything that you want if
you just get out of your own way and ask
yourself what really aligns with you.
What truly aligns with you? And the
other most important thing you need to
do is realize that no circumstance can
stand in the way of you being in your
most powerful
energy. When you register that anything
is possible, when you form a belief
system that supports you, nothing can
stand in your way. Nothing can block
your energy when it's in the right
place. Nothing can stand in the way of
your belief when you've got a strong
enough belief that this is possible for
you, that you're going to make it
happen, that you are going to succeed,
that you are good enough, that you are
deserving of the love, the success, the
recognition, the alignment, then no
circumstance, no logical term, no
condition, no law, no regulation, no
man-made thing can stand in the way of
that energy because it is divine. It's
your godlike creative essence. It
transcends everything and you need to be
creating based on that. So when I was
living back in Ireland, I had a belief
system that nobody here understands me.
Nobody gets me. I'm never going to make
friends here. Oh, I'm such an outlier.
Like woe is me. Nobody sees me
in this country. Everyone everyone
thinks this way. So nobody's going to
understand me because I think this way,
right? Wrong. I moved country. I shifted
my energy. Only when I moved country did
I allow myself to start standing in my
authenticity fully because of this
 that my ego was telling myself.
So I moved country. I started standing
in my authenticity. I started sharing my
genuine authentic light with the world.
And guess what? I have people DMing me
from Ireland, from my hometown who were
around me that whole time saying, "Oh my
god, can I meet you for a coffee? I feel
like we'd be such good friends. We're so
aligned. You think just like me.
Everything you say resonates with me."
And I could have had those friends years
ago if I had stopped telling myself a
 story and started just
unapolog
unapologetically expressing myself and
allowing myself to believe that that was
all I had to do to attract light back to
me that was going to resonate with that.
Do you understand what I'm saying? Your
stories are They're
and all they're doing is limiting you
and robbing you of your freedom and your
happiness and your alignment with what's
meant for you. The moment you stand in
your power, in your authenticity, and
you stop telling yourself self-limiting
stories is the moment you start to
realize how powerful you are. is the
moment you realize that any term, any
condition, any environment, any
financial situation, any that
you're telling yourself can be overcome
when you are standing strong in your
energy. When you realize how powerful
that
is, nothing can stop you when you're in
that energy. All you have to do is
decide who you are, what you value, what
is your dream scenario. Don't hold back.
Genuinely find something that excites
you. Don't tell me there's nothing
because there has to be something.
Something that excites you. And then ask
yourself, why am I resisting that? What
is it about that that I can't allow
myself to
have? Figure this out. Get in your
 journal and do some reflection
for once in your life and figure out why
am I resisting my dream? Why am I not
qualified for this dream? Because let me
tell you something. The people
who are standing in the dreams that
you're only dreaming of and could never
actually let yourself consider, they're
no different to you. They just had the
audacity to do it and demand it. And
that's what made them qualified. Your
desire is the qualification that you've
been looking for. Your desire is the
permission that you're waiting for.
People who are standing in the rooms
that you want to stand in, people who
are making the money you want to make.
People who are having the fame, the
recognition, the success that you want,
the relationships, whatever it is that
you want. They didn't wait for some
qualification or some permission to go
and have and be and do these things.
They just decided to embody the energy
that they deserved it already. They just
decided to be it and become it. And that
was the moment they became it. They
didn't say, "Oh, first I need to do a
master's and then I need to go and put
in this this thing over here and then I
need to No, no. You get ready when you
start. You get qualified by starting.
You get off the bench. You get in the
game and then you're ready. Not
all these warm-ups and all these
training grounds. You'll spend your
whole life on the training
ground feeling like you're depriving
yourself and playing small and never
really living a full life. And then you
get to the end and you'll take your last
breath and you'll say, "Why the did
I do that? That was a waste of my time."
Time is the one resource you have got a
limited amount of. I watched a TED talk
yesterday and this man showed an image
of all the months that we live from the
age of 18 until we die if we were to
live until 90 years old, which is really
optimistic. Okay?
And then he took out the time you spend
sleeping, the time you spend in the
bathroom, the time you might spend at
work, and you were left with 334
roughly, don't quote me, months of free
time. And 90% of that free time, the the
talk was actually about social media.
And they found that it was projected
that 90% of that free time would be
spent by the up andcoming generation on
social media. So you've basically got a
few months of free time actually until
you die. So my question for you is if
you knew you had roughly 300 months of
life, which is accurate, how would you
spend it? What would you focus on? What
 would you put aside and put
down and decide is no longer your story?
Because it's that simple. If you don't
like the character you've been playing,
if you don't like the results that this
character is getting you in this game,
then select another character. Select a
character that you love. Select a
character that is true to you. Because a
lot of us are living lies. We're chasing
things that we don't really care about.
And if I could really emphasize one
thing, it's to be focus on the stuff
that you actually give a about. No
matter how illogical it seems. If you've
got some weird desire for something, if
you've got some weird quirk, some weird
interest, that's your lane, own it. Why
are you wasting your life not owning
that? You're going to be in the 1% in
the thing that you can be obsessed with.
So follow that and become the character
that you need to be to have that to be
in that level comfortably where it's
easy for you because that version of you
exists right now. There are infinite
parallel realities existing
simultaneously all at once. You are
experiencing this one because of the
character that you've been playing and
the energy that you've been embodying.
Okay? So like a mirror, whatever energy
you embody, that's going to be what you
perceive in the world. That's going to
be the timeline that you're on. If you
want to be on another timeline, you need
to become another character. So let's do
this exercise right now together. Think
about your biggest, wildest dream. I
don't care how delusional it
seems. If someone else can do it, you
can do it. Just have some audacity and
have some delusion with me for a minute.
Think about your wildest dream right
now. Okay? Set yourself free from this
prison that you've been in and think
about your wildest dream. Maybe you're
taking inspiration from someone else.
Maybe, you know, you've seen someone on
social media and it sparked some ideas
in your head. Maybe you want to be
living in, I don't know, Hawaii,
surf on your surfboard every day. Maybe
you want to be having a family
barbecuing um planting flowers in the
garden. Maybe you want to be uh hosting
events. I don't know what you want, but
just think of it right now. really
really shoot for the sky and
think about what you want right now
vividly. Close your eyes. I'm going to
close my eyes with you.
Okay, imagine the scene. Okay, imagine
you had one day left and this day you
got to paint it with a paintbrush
exactly what you wanted. All
your wildest dreams crammed into one
day. And you got to be the version of
you who comfortably frolicss around in
this dream scenario in this dream day
and owns it and embodies it fully is
confident. So no matter what it is,
whether it's something that might
stretch this current version of you, if
it's public speaking, if it's something
that usually is way outside your comfort
zone, just think about it as an
unlimited being for a minute. Think
about it with no attachments of your
past self. Think about it in a free
way. Just think about the activity. And
now think of the version of you who's
standing in that who loves it. Loves it.
Who it feels natural for, who it feels
aligned for, who it feels easy for, who
they're just excited and they're present
and they're in flow.
The reason you can tap into this, the
reason you can visualize this with me
right now is because there is a parallel
version of you living this right
now. And all you have to do to access
all the dream things in this dream
dimension is step into the body of the
version of you who's already there. You
don't need to figure it out. This
version of you is going to figure it
out. Your logic on this timeline is not
going to know how, but it's okay. This
version of you doesn't need to know how
because the new embodied version of you
knows how. All you have to do is step
into that version of you and everything
else is going to flow off the back of
that. So think right now of one activity
that that version of you does. And now
imagine right now that you're standing
in that version of you's body. Imagine
you're stepping into their body, into
their shoes. Feel what it feels like
from all the way at the bottom of your
feet. All the way up, all the way up.
You're in the body of the most
empowered, most embodied version of you
standing in your dream life. How do you
feel? What are you wearing? What are you
thinking about
yourself? What are you excited about?
What does your hair look like? What does
your nails look like? What did you just
have for breakfast? What's your plan for
the day? Who are you? How do you feel?
Right? What are your beliefs? What do
you think is
possible? Really feel what it feels like
to be this
person. Now, let yourself fully accept
this
identity. Let yourself become this
version of you right now. Realize life
is fleeting. Life is
short. You don't need permission to be
this person.
because you desire these things. That is
your permission. That is a spillover
from another timeline where you're
already experiencing those things. You
wouldn't be able to visualize them or
feel them if there wasn't a version of
you already experiencing them. And all
you have to do to access your dream life
is become that version of you. And you
can do it right now by doing what we
just did. You can remind yourself as
many times as you need to step into the
shoes of that version of you. Realize no
one's going to criticize you. And if
they do, who cares? No one's going to
get mad at you. You decide. You can
decide to let go of the past. You can
decide to become this version of you
right now. And the moment that you do,
everything in your life is going to
change. Everything. No hack, no nothing
is going to work like this will. What
you embody, you get. You don't actually
ever get anything. You embody and you
perceive what is resonant with that. You
hold all the keys. You are the key to
your kingdom. You are the keys to your
success. You can decide today to let go
of the past, to let this be the turning
point to the rest of your life. You can
decide that you deserve to have days
filled with freedom and fun and success
and opportunity and connection. These
things are not off limits to you. You
decided this past version of you, for
some reason, they were off limits to her
or him or whoever. But this version of
you that you've just decided to become,
they're not off limits to you. Stop
torturing yourself just cuz bad
happened to you. Let it go. Decide that
this is who you are now. Have some
 audacity to fully be yourself to
fully shine your light. And no matter
what happens
externally, you stay strong in your
embodiment and watch how quickly
your life changes. Nothing matters more
than this. A life played small is a life
wasted. A life sleeping on your
potential is a life wasted. Whatever
fears you have about this desired
reality, realize that when you embody
the version of you who can
handle it, there's nothing to fear.
What's scarier is living your life not
accessing your potential. Is living your
life knowing in the back of your mind
you're playing small. Living your life
being envious of all these other people,
feeling suffocated, feeling trapped in a
box. Guys, I know what it feels like. It
doesn't have to be like that. You are a
powerful divine being. You've been
programmed by society and the world to
think small, but that's not your
essence. That's not who you truly are.
You don't have to keep living that lie
and chasing all these false gods. You
are the God. The God within you is
what's going to guide you. You can
forget all this other You've
got the power. You need to see your
value and realize playing small is doing
nothing for anyone. You're robbing
yourself of your joy and your freedom,
but you're robbing the world of the
impact that you're supposed to have,
that your soul is craving. Start doing
the that your soul literally is
screaming to do, but your logical mind,
your ego is scared of because that's the
 that's going to set you free. Don't
leave this video and think, "Oh, yeah,
that's nice." Leave this video and
decide to show up as that version of
you. Make decisions as that version of
you. Make decisions that put you outside
your comfort zone. Realize that by doing
this, you're making the decision to step
outside your comfort zone every day from
now on. But it's the most empowering
decision you're ever going to make
because a life outside your comfort zone
is a life of excitement and fulfillment
and expansion and growth and realizing
your potential. So say goodbye
to your comfort zone. Decide today that
you're going to make decisions as this
empowered, embodied version of you. That
you're going to make bold, big, grand
decisions and take actions that scare
the out of you, but that bring you
closer to your truth and your alignment.
Decide that you're going to do that.
That's all you have to do. And watch how
your whole life changes.
