What's going on guys? Zena here. Own the
present. Shift your identity. Transform
your reality what took me 25 years to
learn to finally understand. I'm going
to give you the next 8 to 10 minutes.
And if you feel like you've been trying
to change your life, trying to change
your reality, things are not quite
working out and you feel like you're
stuck. That's where I was for 25 years
and nothing worked. You know, I've been
reading the books. I was going to the
seminars. I was trying everything.
different business ideas and there seem
to be some invisible force keeping me in
my reality where I was and if you feel
like your reality is right here and you
want to elevate to up here once you
realize what that reality what that life
of yours looks like and you want to get
there and every time you try to leave
something happens you seem to get stuck
and go back down that was my experience
and I want to share with you something
that most people will never ever tell
you because most people don't understand
and it's so simple it's
ridiculous. So if you've been reading
the books, you've been going around been
trying to figure this stuff out and
you're getting frustrated, I get you.
You know, nothing really worked until I
until I understood
this. What is going to bridge the gap
between where you are right now and to
where you want to be in the shortest
period of time possible with the least
amount of
effort? Is there an answer to this? And
I know I have found the
answer. It is simple and direct because
you have a story. I have a story. A life
story. You have your own ideas. I have
my own ideas. We have beliefs and
assumptions, right? That we carry around
with us.
Now, what most people will try to tell
you is that in order for you to change
your life, to become financially free,
right, to create the most amazing life
for yourself, to level up, create that
own reality for yourself, it always
comes down to what do you need to
do? How are you going to do things? When
is it going to happen?
You know, the crazy thing about it is
that 95% of people walking the face of
this earth right now, we're doing the
exact same thing and are doing the exact
same thing that I used to do for 25
years. And everything is about to shift
in your life. Everything is about to
transform by realizing this one truth
that the doing and what needs to happen
and where you need to
go is not where the answer lies.
The truth is our reality and everything
you perceive to be true. Who you think
you are, your life story, all of your
beliefs and assumptions is the
culmination of who you perceive yourself
as
being. And that in fact is your reality.
When we look outside, I never recognize
this. When we actually look outside and
we look at our reality, we look at our
circumstances. You know, you've got
stuff going on right now. You want to
change things. It's only normal for you
to des to desire change. Without desire,
we couldn't grow. We couldn't change our
lives. It's impossible. We have to have
desire in order for for us to do
something, right? To create something.
And that's fine. But whenever we look
outside at our circumstances, our life,
our reality, what's happening in your
life right now, the lack of things, when
we look out there, what we're actually
doing is we are looking at who we
perceive ourselves as being because that
has created our circumstances. And when
we look at the circumstances, it
reinforces who we think we are. And who
we think we are actually creates
everything into existence. our own
energy, our aura, what we believe to be
true, our past, everything. And so
what's actually happening is this is
where I was for 25 years. I was in a
constant loop. The same thing I was in a
revolving door. I'd look outside, try to
change, not realizing that I am creating
all of it, reinforcing outside, but
trying to change it. But because I'm
putting my attention there, I'm making
it real. Even though I want to
transition out of this
reality, I'd reinforce who I am. And so
we are in a perpetual loop over and over
and over again. Who you believe you are
creates your existence in ter in terms
of how you interact with things, your
circumstances, what you attract, what
you repel, your energy, your habits, all
of it.
And so what's actually happening is we
are trying to create a brand new reality
for ourselves. That dream reality. You
want to be financially free, right? You
want to look amazing. You want to feel
amazing. You want to be happy. You want
to transition out of this current
experience called your life by taking
along the very thing that has created
everything into existence and your
experience in life. And so we tried to
elevate out of this current
reality with the thing that has actually
created our current reality. And that is
why it is so hard to elevate. It is so
hard to come out of this current
experience and actually create that
dream life of ours because we are
dragging along that energy, those
beliefs, those assumptions, our past
story, all of it that actually creates
our current reality. That is our energy.
That is your energy. That is your
signature that you are emitting into the
universe into life. This is who I am. We
are saying to ourselves consciously,
unconsciously our
energy. And unless we recognize that
what actually needs to happen, this is
going to change your whole life starting
right
now that doing and striving and
willpower and reading more books is not
the answer. You are in fact the answer.
So what you actually need to do is this
is the shortcut to your brand new
reality. If you want to be starting a
business or if you want to elevate your
business, you want to be earning 10
times amount of money, whatever it is,
however this picture looks, in order for
you to create this. I was living in
frustration for 25 years. You have to
become that reality first.
You have to bridge the gap between where
you are right now and where you want to
be by being it first because you are in
fact creating your own reality by your
self-concept. You have beliefs. I have
beliefs. You have a past. I have a past.
Everybody's carrying stuff around with
you with themselves. The question is,
does it empower you? Is it helping you?
Every single idea, notion, belief, past
experience, if you believe it to be
true, if you feel and know yourself as
that, it will become a reflection in
your life,
guaranteed, if you stay with it. So what
actually needs to happen is you need to
start associating yourself with that
reality that you want to be
creating right now. You have to let go
of this story, of this narrative, who
you believe you are. You have to cast
aside this idea and that's all it is.
The only thing that has ever existed is
the present moment. There is no other
reality. And who you abide as in the
present moment is your energy. It is
what you're emitting into the universe.
It is your
signature and that is what you attract.
those circumstances and the things and
the people and whatever needs to happen
will flow into your life when you are
available for it when you open yourself
up to it. I couldn't see the answer. I
couldn't see what I needed to do and I
was rejecting everything that was not in
alignment with how I truly saw myself.
And that is why when you try to break
free of your cage and you try to elevate
into that new reality, you're doing all
these things. It gets so frustrating and
exhausting because you are swimming
against the stream and it will always
suck you back in place until you let it
go. Until you realize your power, what
it is you actually are, your
self-concept is the creative process
that actually creates your reality. That
is how it is. And that is why for 25
years, no matter what I did, things did
not get any better. I couldn't get out
of my situations. I ended up with worse
habits no matter what I read and what I
did and I studied and Buddhism and
Hinduism and everything until realized
that I had to be the end result. You
have to start feeling and knowing
yourself right now as that version of
yourself that is already living that
life, that reality. You are earning 20,
30, 50k a month, whatever it is. You
look amazing. You feel amazing, right?
You have to start associating yourself
as that version. Whoever this person is,
whether you're running a business or a
career, whatever it is, you are that
now. And you have to start feeling and
knowing yourself as that with conviction
starting
today.
Remember, you are reality pushed out. We
try to change and force our reality to
change by not and we don't recognize
that we are creating it through our own
perception of how we see ourselves. So
you have to go back to square one you
have to step into that one day at a time
saying this is who I
am. This is who I am. And at 42 it
finally clicked. And I was like, "Oh my
god." I had been telling myself a
narrative my whole life and I was giving
it energy and belief and conviction. And
then when I didn't like what I was
producing, guess what I did? Just like
yourself and everybody else. Like 95% of
people walk in the face of this earth.
We try to change the
outcome. And that is why we stay in a
revolving door. We look outside. We
reaffirm who we are inside. Who we are
inside creates outside. And then we try
to change over and over and over again.
Most people just give
up. Elevate yourself today recognizing
that you are consciousness and who you
believe yourself as being will create
the circumstances, the situations, and
you'll be able to see what you need to
see for whatever it is that you need to
have in your life to create financial
freedom in all of it. When you be it,
when you feel and know yourself as
that, create this amazing piece of art
within. Go all in on your inner
world. Do not
underestimate. Your power, what it is
you are outside is irrelevant. Your age
is irrelevant. Your circumstances are
irrelevant. None of this matters.
Universal law is universal law. You
attract and what you attract everything
through how you see yourself. And what
you are actually experiencing is nothing
other than yourself all day, every day
of every moment in time. That's why you
have to be wealthy right now. Feel and
know yourself as that. That's why you're
earning that amount of money every
month. That's why you look amazing. Feel
amazing. Okay? You already have those
amazing relationships. Start building
the most amazing relationship with
yourself right now. Put all of your eggs
in one basket and that is your internal
world. And then allow that to be your
expression. Allow that to be your
energy. Because when we look outside, we
keep reaffirming the lacking, the
needing, the
wanting. As long as we still want, as
long as we're still striving and working
so hard for these things, we're actually
telling ourselves every single day,
screaming to life, right? This is who I
am. Look, look. And so we get more of
it. Nothing wrong with desiring. Nothing
wrong with wanting and needing. But once
you know what you want and you desire,
then you become it. Then you embody it.
And then it will become your
expression. I'm wishing you guys a
fantastic day. As per usual, please
comment. I'll respond. If you'd like to
work with me oneonone, link is in the
description. I love you guys. Peace.
Till next time.
