there is a constant infinite stream of
abundance that is Flowing to you in
every moment it wants to flow through
you into your life it wants to use you
as a channel to manifest
itself in whatever form is most relevant
is most accessible is most d directly
tangible to you and your life right
now and if you're finding this video
then is good news because you have done
the groundwork you have laid the
foundation to really step into this
shift of abundance with ease and
Grace because the number one thing when
it comes to embodying and manifesting
the abundance that you are is to know
yourself when you know yourself you know
who and what you truly are you KN you
know what matters to you what lights you
up what you love you know what you're
passionate about you know what excites
you what inspires you you know your
unique authentic gifts and you know why
it's so important for you to share that
with the world what role that plays how
that fits into the greater picture how
that is being of service to
humanity then you have everything that
you need and that's why you are in an
advantageous position because you
already know who you
are and in knowing who you are you
recognize the abundance that you
are the infinite boundless source of
wealth that is yours if only you were to
just claim it and share it and own
it and that's the next question is why
are you not owning it if you know
yourself if you know why you're here and
what you have to
share what are you waiting for because
we now live in a world of opportunity of
possibility there is a Level Playing
Field for you to just be you to just
exist and get paid for your
existence to just share what lights you
up what energizes you what excites you
what you're inspired to create and share
how you're inspired to live your life
and to make that available to make that
transparent to the world to invite
others in to your
experience and for that to be what
supports you and provides for you and
allows you to live the life of your
dreams there are no more
excuses and that's where self- knowledge
becomes a bit of a roadblock because you
probably know everything about about
yourself about how this works you've
probably learned to
exhaustion but it's not enough to know
you have to apply it you have to live it
you have to embody it you have to put
yourself out there and I've learned this
many times over with the businesses that
I've created knowing all of the ways in
which entrepreneurship works and how
business is done and how to start and
grow and be successful in those things
but it's an entirely different thing to
apply it to pursue it to learn from it
to fail forward in it and then 10 months
ago when I started this YouTube channel
the same thing I've been wanting to do
this for years I'd known how it works
I'd known all of the things that I
wanted to talk about but it wasn't
enough it wasn't fulfilling it wasn't
doing the trick until I started going
and here's here's the
secret is that you won't clarify
anything you won't know anything for
certain until you get going that's the
biggest myth of all is that we think we
need to have it all figured out we think
we need to have it perfect before we get
going but that is the biggest myth of
them
all once you get going you will find the
clarity once you get going you will
build the confidence once you get going
it's never going to be perfect but it
will be exactly what it's meant to be
and in that process you will find your
voice you will find yourself more of
your
authentic expression and value that you
are meant to offer but if you're waiting
around trying to get that first until
you
start it's never going to happen it's
just never going to happen and I speak
from experience here you have to be
willing to put yourself out there you
you got to take that risk you got to
make that first step life will respond
in kind when you put your neck out there
when you put yourself out there when you
start to step into your calling and you
see that's that path that reveals itself
underneath each footstep you take it
wasn't even there before you took that
first step it just appears in the right
timing in the right place as you move
into it that is the epitome of faith
that is the epitome of following your
inspiration and you can do it without
expectation without the over
analyzation of where it's going of where
it needs to be of how you need to show
up in it all you need to think about is
that you are committed to doing it you
are determined to see it through and
that's staying power that commitment is
the highest frequency that you can
embody as you get going and that's what
life is responding to it's responding to
your commitment it's responding to your
conviction it's responding to your faith
and that is a frequency which will be
reflected in your life as synchronicity
opportunity abundance in the right form
in the right way in the right time just
as you need it to be
and that will be the most fulfilling
thing about it you really on a soul
level want the process you don't
necessarily just want the destination or
the outcome that's great that will come
it's inevitable once you are fully
convicted and con and committed to
yourself to this process because that
Journey that process is where it's all
at it's what you
gain the most out of it's how you learn
it's how you grow it's how you cultivate
that love and the wisdom which is the
main currency of your
Consciousness you see that
authentic cultivation of your
soul is a Priceless currency which is
your presence and that is what you have
to share you see we think we have to
share information right we have to show
up on YouTube or in the world or in our
work with certain information which is
valuable but actually underneath all
valuable information is the
frequency it is the vibrational reality
which gives rise to the relevant
valuable
information the information that I share
on this channel is not valuable in and
of itself if we're not coming from the
source of value that gives rise to it
you see it's the embodiment of that
frequency which is your true self your
presence your authentic being that is
the value that you have to offer and the
more you practice showing up in that the
more you share that the more you express
that the more you will be confident in
that and the more it will be recognized
and received by others and that Exchange
in life is the flow of abundance you see
that's why you will be paid to merely
exist and you will figure it out along
the way because things will become clear
they will become apparent to you and
everything that you have to offer will
start to become apparent it will start
to come to the surface and others will
reflect it to you because they will be
seeing the real you but you have to get
going you have to start you have to be
willing to fail because that's the thing
about your true self is that it doesn't
see
failure to your true self failure is
just another form of success it's just
failing forward it's just a growth
mindset where everything that you
encounter every stumble every fumble
every turn that you take is something to
integrate something to learn from and
therefore more of yourself that you
become and that is a contagious
compelling person to witness to learn
from because they're authentic they're
human they're humble and they're
real you see it's that putting yourself
out there in authenticity as the real
you as your true self that is what most
people want they want to know that it's
possible for them and they of course we
all want it to be easy we all want to to
think that it's just going to be you
know no big deal and no problem and no
challenges but
that's not the reality of it the reality
of it is is that you will figure it out
along the way and you will confront
aspects of yourself the limiting beliefs
the doubts the insecurities all of which
are the obstacles to you just being you
naturally and you being able to receive
the abundance that you are in the form
that's most relevant to you right now
and as you face these shadows and as you
integrate these aspects of yourself you
will elevate your frequency even more
and your presence will be magnetic and
radiant and everyone will start to
recognize it and that is when you've hit
the jackpot because you will have
uncovered the you that is there all
along and now it's shining brightly for
all to see and that is what this is all
about but that is that process that
Paradox of being you and becoming more
of yourself in the process of putting
yourself out there of stepping into that
path that is yours uncovering your
authentic voice your authentic value and
being willing to be seen as a fool in
the
meantime willing to make mistakes
willing for it to not be perfect but for
you to just do it
anyway and
so this is yours it is always already
yours you're only waiting for
yourself so I encourage you to get going
and whatever it is that you've been
waiting for or whatever it is you've
been procrastinating on because the time
is now and it's never been easier and
it's never been
more accessible to you and people are
waiting for it your fans your audience
your friends those people who want the
value that you have to offer they are
waiting for you so what are you waiting
for and this is why I put together my
alignment master class which is a
three-part model identity shifting
alignment of your habits and your
thinking and your feeling as a frequency
to manifest your desired reality and you
see that is I am and that is my free
alignment master class and if you want
to go through it there's videos
worksheets meditations all of which you
can Implement in your day daily life to
start to cultivate this attitude and
this way of being so that you can
manifest your desired reality so if you
want to have access to that just comment
manifest down below and I'll send you a
link where you can get access to that
for free
