It's honestly laughable how society
looks down on people with unacceptable
or unpalatable addictions like alcohol,
drugs, and gambling. Yet, the majority
of society is silently suffering from
the most common addiction, phone
addiction, which is probably just as
bad, if not worse, for society in the
long term. We have people walking around
with a jillion tabs open in their brain
of people that they knew from 5 years
ago, 6 years ago, tabs of their entire
lives, their dating relationships, what
they ate for lunch, their fitness
routine, all of the things. They just
have tabs, open tabs of all of the
people they follow, watching their
stories, consuming their content every
day. And that's not even including
influencers, entertainers, Netflix, all
the other things that we have to have
open tabs on. Now, I'm not a techie
person, but I assume if you have a
laptop open with a thousand tabs running
all the time, it's going to ruin the
laptop, right? It's the same thing that
we're doing to our brains. We're not
just addicted to the device, and we're
not just addicted to the apps on the
devices. We're addicted to monitoring
people, to keeping up with people. And
this amazing Substack post I read the
other day was a big reason why I felt
the desire to make this video. I'll link
it in the description if I can find it
again. But basically, in the article,
the author talked about how when she
went out for her first ever party in
university, she had the time of her
life. Her and her best friend, you know,
did what uni students do at parties. And
then when she got back to her dorm room,
she texted her boyfriend or I think she
actually facetimed him and was like,
"Hey babe, I miss you." Blah, blah,
blah. And immediately he gave her the
cold shoulder and he was like, "No, you
didn't miss me. If you missed me, you
would have texted me. I missed you. you
would have kept me updated at the party.
And the Substack post goes on to talk
about how we feel too connected and we
can't live in the moment anymore, which
is so true. Because of that perceived
access we have to so many people, we
expect more from them. And aside from
content creators and influencers who
willingly put their lives out there,
many people are addicted to monitoring
people that they knew from 5 years ago,
10 years ago that they don't have a
relationship with just because it says
they're friends on some social media
app. And listen, I have no scientific
evidence to back this up. But I have a
very strong feeling if you started
paying attention to the people you
follow and the content you consumed, you
would be hotter. Because most of us are
keeping tabs on people and consuming
content that make us stressed and then
spend hours doing that every single day,
which I'm sure aids to you physically
looking worse. I listened to a podcast
the other day that I'll also link in the
description where the neuroscientist was
basically saying that if you eat and
then you suddenly get stressed when your
body is digesting that food, it's as if
you consumed around 100 extra calories
because of what it does to your hormones
and the extra energy your body has to
use to burn those calories. All that to
say, although you might not feel it or
see it instantly, when you're constantly
scrolling and monitoring people who make
you feel like crap, it's going to
physically affect how you appear and how
you show up in the world. I mean, I know
there is scientific proof to back it up
in terms of doom scrolling at night,
which ruins your circadium rhythm, which
means you don't have a good sleep
schedule, increases your chances of
depression, anxiety, and all that stuff,
which physically obviously will make you
look like crap. So, that to me is
honestly the least important part. What
makes me scared is the fact that
majority of society's brain is fried. We
have tabs open of people we barely talk
to and we believe that we do not have
agency over that. Listen, I am not an
extremist. I will never tell someone,
"Oh, just completely stop using social
media. Go off into the woods and never
open an app." I be scrolling. I love
social media. Social media has changed
my life in many ways. I have made some
amazing friends in social media. I have
had some amazing opportunities on social
media. I'm posting on social media by
making this video. But I am very careful
with what I consume, how much I consume,
and I'm very conscious every time I open
a social media app. Most of society has
completely given up their agency to
these big companies that create these
devices and these apps that keep us
consumed 24/7. But the thing is, you do
not have to give up your your agency.
You are being influenced, but you have
control over this. You make choices by
virtue of what you do, yes, but by
virtue of what you don't do as well. You
have a choice to not doom scroll, to
create systems to stop yourself from
going online and not being conscious.
The word doomscroll, I think, has become
kind of a buzzword, so it's lost its
meaning. When I think of doom scroll, at
least what I think of is scrolling with
no conscious thought. I've actively made
the decision to never scroll with no
conscious thought because what happens
is you allow things to permeate your
subconscious mind without saying yes or
no. A lot of people do not have digital
literacy. They will open up their phone,
they will see a tweet and be like, "This
is a fact." Or they'll start reading a
thread that makes them stressed. Or
they'll start watching a video that
makes them stressed, that seems dumb,
probably goes against their values, or
just doesn't feel right. and they won't
stop and think maybe I shouldn't
continue reading this or maybe I
shouldn't spend 40 more seconds
listening to this person talk because I
don't agree with this or this doesn't
align with my values or blah blah blah
like whatever the case is instead
they'll keep watching it if you're doom
scrolling permeates your subconscious
mind and you will live with that tab
open in your brain not consciously but
it's open in your brain and it will
start to leak through your actions and
your daily life a big shift for me was I
would say in 2021 pandm mic times I was
listening to a lot of YouTube podcasts,
trash YouTube podcasts just to fill my
mind because at that period I hadn't
really done the work to be okay with my
thoughts. So I would just constantly
fill my mind. I was basically a grown
iPad kid which was honestly pathetic.
And then when the world start to open up
and we were allowed to, let's say, go
out and go to restaurants with friends,
I would go out and I would start to spew
the rhetoric that I was listening to
even though I didn't actually believe it
or those thoughts would come in my mind.
So, I would immediately think of
arguments or ideas that these podcasts
that I didn't agree with were spewing
because I was just watching it for
entertainment and it wasn't that deep.
When I realized how much it had leaked
through me in those moments, I
immediately had to make a change. And
most people think that they don't have
the ability to do that. Now, if I'm
scrolling on Tik Tok reals, I'm reading
something on Substack, Twitter, I feel
how my body reacts to things. I think
about whether I believe it. And if I
read something and I don't agree with it
or I don't think it matches my values or
it's just trash, it's just slopp, it's
just internet garbage, I will
consciously react to it, right? I will
consciously tell myself, "Lol, this is
dumb. Lol, no, I don't agree with this."
Do you get what I'm saying? Like, I
don't allow I am very conscious about
what I'm consuming. I never let myself
doom scroll so much where I'm not aware
of what I am letting into my mind. And
we all know that these companies profit
off us not being cognizant and there was
going to be millions of people who
continue to doom scroll and and be a
node in this machine, right? But you can
make the active choice to not be and
still participate in it. You can create
that balance and it's a big part of what
you can I want to share with people
because I think there's just extremes in
society these days. There'll be people
that are like I don't use social media
and I don't think anyone should use
social media and then there's people who
are like I don't care. It's not that
deep. I'm a doom scroll, chronically
online, blah blah blah blah blah. You
can find balance and enjoy these amazing
pieces of technology and social media
that we have in society while also not
allowing yourself to fall victim to it.
And to me, one of the most obvious
reasons, as we've already discussed, it
will likely make you hotter. But also
probably a more powerful reason to not
become a victim to your phone and to
these apps is because the same people
who created them, don't use them,
wouldn't let their kids use them, and
probably laugh at the robots they've
created. They create the thing, they
extract money, and then they log out.
And meanwhile, there's people out here
who can't sit down for 30 seconds
without checking their phone four times
and checking every platform and then
going back on the platform that they
just came out of because their brain
needs that hit of dopamine. It's
literally insane. It's so bad these days
that now whenever I meet up with a
friend or meet someone new, I always ask
them, "When's the last time you ate a
meal without watching something or
listening to something? And when's the
last time you went on your hot girl walk
without listening to a podcast?" You can
go on your hot girl walk without
listening to a podcast. In fact, you
need to go on a hot girl walk without a
podcast because you need to get close
with yourself. You need to sit with the
thoughts that you have in your mind and
get to know yourself more. Podcast can
be great for you as well. Like it's not
all a slop, but if you're constantly
clouding your mind, you will never be
able to fully even use the stuff that
you're learning. Let's say if it's an
educational podcast, you need time to
sit with yourself, to sit with your
thoughts, to and to grow as a person. If
you've never watched me before, I built
a multi6figure freelance business in 18
months. And one of the biggest reasons I
believe personally that I was able to do
that is because I realized I had agency
in most areas of my life. And then I
chose to take action. I chose to take
control. And one of the easiest kind of
gateways into doing that is over your
health. That's why you'll see a lot of
fitness people start businesses because
the discipline and control that it takes
to gain weight, lose weight, get up
every single day, move your body, go to
the gym, do something hard creates a
stronger muscle in you that will allow
you to have the mental fortitude to then
go into business, for example. But
another gateway into I think seeing that
you have more agency than you think is
starting with your phone addiction. A
majority of people have phone addiction.
Like I barely know anybody that's in
their 20s and above, obviously young
kids, they're cooked. I don't know what
the young kids are going to do but 20s
and up even older people I know even
like my parents sometimes they'll catch
themselves doom scrolling and they had
many many years without phones unlike
some of us right when I realized that I
had this addiction and the big that
podcast situation was a big realization
for me I'm a very ritualistic and
drastic person when it comes to making
decisions and trying to achieve things
if I want to make a big change I need to
make a big act or ritual to start that
to execute that and tell myself, okay,
this is a new era. I hate that word, but
new era that we're going into. So, as an
example, when I decided to build my
freelance business, the year I decided,
it happened to be around New Year's Eve,
I stayed inside. I didn't go out to
party. I didn't do I literally stayed in
my room. I had my laptop open. I was
learning about copywriting and
journaling and doing whatever corny
thing you could imagine someone who's
like, I'm going to start the new year
off. Great. At 12:00 a.m., that's what I
was doing on New Year's Eve. I did that
purposely, not because it was like, oh,
like I'm better than everyone. It was
like I need to drastically make a
decision that proves that I'm moving
into this new era of da and that sort of
ritualistic thinking is something that I
take in every of my life. So with the
phone stuff immediately delete apps off
my phone 30 days no apps. After you get
past day 2, day three it'll start to get
easier. Day four a week boom you start
to realize that you can think. You can
think again. Wow. And you'll start to
realize the benefits. So, and to get a
little bit deeper about how you can
start to make changes to rid this phone
addiction, social media addiction, and
even if you don't want to, let's say,
make that big change immediately or it's
literally going to be too hard for you
because you're so addicted, that's fine.
What I think you can do is make smaller
changes. I'm definitely not going to
explain this in a scientific way, so
please forgive me. But from my
understanding in neuroscience, there's
this idea that the way your brain works
is that it's constantly predicting
what's going to happen next. While
you're talking to someone, it's
constantly predicting what's going to
happen next and what's going to come out
of your mouth even though I didn't say
it. So then there's this concept called
prediction error which you can use to
help yourself get out of bad habits or
start building new habits and create new
identities basically. So prediction
error is the difference between what
your brain expected, what it was about
to predict, and what actually happens.
It signals to your brain that something
in your environment didn't go as
expected, which forces your brain to pay
attention and potentially update its
beliefs. So this concept is what allows
us to learn, to create habits. And from
what I understand, it's the same thing
that creates addictions or motivation or
attention, right? So you can imagine
then that your brain is literally
rewiring itself based on how wrong its
predictions are. So you can kind of use
this idea to create better habits. So
you can start small, for example, and go
to the settings on your phone and put a
time limit on an app. Instead of 11
hours, you only are allowed 5 hours and
you can constantly decrease it. What
you'll have to do over time is every
single day once that notification comes
up that says your time is up and you've
been on apps for 5 hours, you don't go
on the app. you find something else to
do. You read a book. You force yourself
to do something else. And over time,
what you'll do is you'll change your
belief about yourself. You'll change the
belief that I'm a person who's addicted
to my phone or I cannot go without
monitoring people or I cannot go without
being on my phone to I have control over
whether I go on my phone or not. And if
you keep doing that as you you can
imagine and decreasing the time limit
and continuing to be that person, you
then take back your control. So for me,
I have control over being on my phone,
getting off, getting on. I can
immediately quote unquote lock in when I
need to because I have used that
prediction error idea to help myself
believe that I am that person. But also,
I have boundaries. At the end of the
day, I'm only human and I know how my
brain works and these apps are made to
make it really difficult to do these
things, right? So because of that, for
example, in the morning, I do not open
my phone. So, I'll wake up, I'll make my
bed, brush my teeth, you know, get on my
clothes, and if I go on my phone, the
only thing I'm looking at is the workout
app to see if the class is still on or
if anything has changed and the time. My
phone's on big big DND, like the big big
one where no, I can't see any
notifications or dots or anything like
that. That's another thing, another
boundary for me. I have no notifications
on. I haven't had notifications on my
phone for 5 years. Again, it's not a
Hollywood thing. Whatever, whatever. my
most important people in my favorites.
If they need to call me, that will go
through. Otherwise, no notification is
that important to me because what
happens is if you look up the stats on
how often you pick up your phone a day,
you would be sick. It's just insane,
right? And if you have notifications on,
it just increases the amount of times
you're going to be a little rat. Like,
oh, more cheese, more cheese, more
cheese. You want to reduce the chances
of how much you can be a rat. Pull the
toggle to get more dopamine. Right? It's
like someone texts you about something
important maybe that you're doing and
then all of a sudden you're scrolling on
TikTok. That's what happens. So for me,
boundaries are no notifications on.
Haven't had them on for years has
honestly changed my life. It's just like
amazing. If I need to go on an app, I'll
go on it. If somebody is texting me,
I'll open it to text them back when I
have the time. Or if my phone is not on
DND, I'll hear the vibration, but the
notification thing is actually not
popping up. For me, that works and has
been really helpful. And then, as I say,
in the mornings, I don't go on my phone.
I'll go on my phone sometimes after the
class. So I'm like, "Okay, I've done
something hard for the day, which again
is training my brain. I'll go on the
apps, check my apps, my email or
whatever." Sometimes though, if I feel
like I can't really explain it, and I
don't know the science behind it, but if
I feel like I'm mentally weaker that
day, I won't go on my phone until way
later. I'll push it back because I know
that the moment I go on my phone, I'm
giving myself easy dopamine. Again, this
is probably not scientifically correct,
but you get what I'm saying. I'll give
myself easy dopamine, so then it will be
harder for me to complete my tasks. But
I'm ruthless with what I consume, who I
consume, what I watch, how I live with
my phone. My phone is a tool for me.
It's a tool to access my friends and
family. It's a tool to build my
business. It's a tool to connect with
people like you, but it doesn't control
me. As you listen to this, I'm
convincing you that you need to see it
as that, too. If you feel like you are
addicted and as I said if you start to
realize that you have agency in these
small areas of your life it'll leak into
other areas. This also opened up. So you
know I went through a fitness journey. I
went through a phone addiction journey.
I built a multi6figure freelance
business. And now I'm so addicted to
seeing what I can achieve, what I can
control. So I run these 30-day
experiments with myself which I
encourage you to do. Run experiments to
see what you can achieve and who you can
become. how things feel. It's so fun. As
an example, in January, the experiment I
ran was I didn't listen to music with
lyrics for 30 days. I thought that
experiment would be a breeze. I proved
myself wrong. It was so hard. So, I
listened to jazz and classic, but I
couldn't listen to music with lyrics.
And I realized how much music can
motivate me, how much I often use music
to cloud my mind when I'm not feeling
good. Yeah. I thought that I was pretty
okay with my thoughts and that I was
fine with silence or no music, but I was
proven wrong when I was put into a
forced experiment where I actually had
to control that. And it just opened my
eyes. Again, I'm not an extremist, so
it's like obviously I'm going to keep
listening to music with lyrics, but I
realized, okay, sometimes it's being
used as a coping mechanism or a crutch,
so I need to be more cognizant of that.
And also when I came back after the 30
days and I was listening to some songs,
I'm like some of these lyrics I probably
do not want in my brain permeating my
subconscious mind. Realizing how much we
consume sticks with us has changed the
way I do and think and live in a lot of
ways especially now with music after the
experiment too. It's like even if on the
surface it doesn't make a change or a
difference to me, it is making a
difference in who I become. And I am
making a choice again by virtue of what
I do, but by also by virtue of what I
don't do. So I'm choosing to listen to
this music and allow it to permeate my
subconscious mind, which means I'm
allowing it to affect me in whichever
way that it does or can. And I also did
the same experiment with no Netflix or
no shows. That for me is honestly not as
hard. I do love a little Netflix binge
here and there, but I saw some stats
about how much time we'll spend over our
course of our lives watching TV or
shows, and it just opened my eyes. Not
to say that it's bad, but it's like, is
this what you want to be doing? And
these types of things allow me to think
about how I want to live my life. I did
a video other day, and if you're still
watching this, you'll probably like that
video, where I talk about how I was a
people pleaser, and I didn't really have
any morals or values of my own. So, a
big part of the self-improvement work
that I do now is ensuring that I'm
always checking in. What do I believe?
Who am I? Right? And I'm constantly
checking in with myself, you know? So,
I'm not just doing something blindly
because I see people on social media do
it or friends that are around people
around me are doing it. It's like, what
do I really want? So, doing these
experiments, they give me actual
physical proof about who I am and what I
actually value. But really, what I want
you to get out of this is that you can
choose yourself. You need to remember
and constantly remind yourself that you
run the show. And if you can gut your
habits, you can allow yourself to reveal
who you truly are underneath. And
honestly, that's one of the best things
you can do to improve your life overall.
And it will also probably help you go
get paid. bye.
