So, you want to get rich and you want to
do it as fast as
possible. There are some ways to do it
that are dark and that I've done. And
I'm I did I thought I shouldn't make
this video because when you finish
watching this, you're going to probably
see me a little bit
differently. There's 10 things that you
need to do that aren't pleasant and dark
and go against everything that you've
been told. They are not conventional.
They are not fun. They do not feel good.
They are things that you're going to
have to do. They are sacrifices you're
going to have to make and they're not
very nice to be completely honest. Like
they kind of suck. But I did them and
they made me $30 million. What? You
think it was going to be easy? You want
to get rich? You want to become a
millionaire? You want to build a
business? You want to be free? Did you
think it was going to be like a happy
golucky pleasant ride? Look at anyone
throughout history that's achieved
anything of significance ever, whether
it's economic or political or social.
like everything's being built off the
back of some dark [ __ ] And that's just
me being honest with you. So, there's 10
things you got to do and they're all a
little bit dark. The first one is stop
believing in
yourself. Oh, didn't see that one
coming. Look, the truth is that if you
were the person capable of achieving
what you wanted to achieve, you would
have already done it. You yourself, you
are pretty much worthless.
And I don't mean that in a in a pointing
the finger egotistical way. You're not
you don't have any skills. You don't
have any value. You don't have any
experience. You're not you're not if you
were deserving of success, you'd already
be successful. You don't deserve it.
That's why you don't have it. So you why
would you believe in yourself? This is
why people have so much. And don't
worry, I'm going to give you a caveat to
this to not completely [ __ ] your
emotions. The problem is is like you're
not good. You're not you know you know
what you're doing. So why would you
place faith and belief in someone that
doesn't know what they're doing? It
would be like take take a friend that
you know that's a bit stupid and a bit
goofy. Would you believe in them and
their ability to build a company? Of
course you wouldn't because they don't
have the skills and the capabilities to
do it and you probably don't either.
Right? So the point I'm making here is
instead of believing in yourself, what
you want to do is you want to believe in
your ability to become the person that
can get it done. And what this looks
like is look at what you want, look at
your goal, look at what success looks
like, and then ask yourself like what
qualities or characteristics would I
need to have to achieve that. So let's
say for example, you wanted to build a
multi6figure consulting business or a
multi6figure drop shipping business or a
sevenfigure company. You probably need
to know how to sell, persuade,
communicate, etc. And you probably don't
know how to do that right now. So what
you need to do is you need to have faith
in the person that you are becoming. So
you believe in yourself but only in so
far as you believe in your ability to
become the person that can. The reason
you have so much crippling doubt and
fear and terror about becoming
successful is because you're putting
you're backing the wrong horse. You're
backing a slow horse yourself. Believe
in who you are becoming. If you want to
achieve a goal, you have to achieve a
character, right? you you become the
person that can and then lo and behold
it happens because you can make it
happen. So stop believing yourself,
believe in who you're becoming. Still
it's kind of you but just you in the
future with more skills and more more
abilities. The second thing is stop
manifesting. So we've all heard of this
law of attraction thing, right? Doesn't
work. I can tell you it doesn't work
because I tried it for years and then I
tried something else and I'll tell you
what works.
This whole notion that the universe is
this benevolent force that just wants to
give you things is a load of rubbish.
You know that Rocky quote like the world
is a very mean and nasty place and it
will beat you to your knees and keep you
there if you let it. That's kind of the
way the world works. Like the universe
doesn't just give you things. It takes
things and then it gives you things in
return. And I'm sick of this notion
being pedled in this online internet
space, money space of just like just
manifest, bro, and just, you know,
believe and you will achieve and if you
can see it, you can have it. Like it's
all rubbish. The thing is is people talk
about the law of attraction, right? This
whole idea of attraction, but really
it's the law of
action. If you want to get things, then
you have to do things. A lot of people
what they'll do is they'll just I saw
this like video that someone sent me on
social media of this girl in a park just
screaming at she was like she had her
head up in the sky and she was just
screaming at the sky like I am
attracting abundance. It's like all
you're attracting is weird men that are
just you know into that. I don't know.
So it's not about the law of attraction.
It's about the law of action, which
means if you want to get something, if
you want to manifest something, the only
way that's going to happen is through
laborous, hard work for years and years
on end. You can't just talk about it and
have it happen. This is the weird This
is this weird female bias as well. I see
this mainly with girls who are like,
"Oh, yes, I'm just manifesting, babe.
I'm just But like if you look at if you
track commercial success against the
masculine realm and the feminine realm,
the masculine beats the feminine every
single time. This is why there's way
more male CEOs. It's why most companies
are maleled. It's why men have more
money than women. Like not to get
political here, but men tend to have a
better success rate. We do biologically
speaking. Like socially speaking, the
stats are there. We make more money than
women. And I can't help but think that
part of that is because of this idea for
women that it's all about just feeling
and just letting it
happen. And I think a lot of guys are
guilty of this as well. And I'm not
saying it's like a just a female thing.
It's not exclusively just to women. But
if you want commercial success and if
you want to build money and wealth and
financial freedom, it's not something
that just happens. It's not you can't
just sit up and look at the sky and
expect it to come to you. It takes
action. So stop trying to attract and
start trying to act and actually
something might actually start happening
in your life and that wasn't supposed to
be iterative but it was. The third thing
which is also a little bit dark is you
are not emphasis on not good enough. So,
you know, you've probably been told by
society and your parents and your
friends and your schools and your
teachers and the government, everyone
tells you, "Oh, you're good enough. Just
be happy with who you are and just be
authentic and, you know, just be who you
were meant to be,
darling." Same scenario. You're not good
enough. You're good enough for to have
what you have now. But if you want what
you want, you must deserve what you want
because the world is not yet a crazy
enough place to reward a whole bunch of
undeserving people. There's a Charlie
Munger quote for you right there. And he
was a billionaire and he was pretty
right about pretty much everything he
ever
did. If you were good enough to have
what you wanted to have, then you'd
already have it. For example, I make,
you know, eight figures. I live in a
mansion in the sun in in Dubai. I've got
a team of 30 people. I'm healthy. I'm
happy. I've got a great social life. My
life's pretty damn good. And the reason
that my life's pretty damn good is
because I'm good enough to have it. I
spent basically a decade of my life
suffering for this. And now I suddenly
became someone that was actually capable
of doing something. But what happens is
like, you know, in order for you to
succeed and transcend your current
situation, you have to transcend
yourself. You have to become someone
new. And if you've got this notion in
your head that you're already there,
then you're not going to try. You're not
going to change. And you know we don't
we if you want to change your
circumstances you have to change
yourself. And I can tell you right now
that what you have right now in life is
exactly what you deserve. There might be
a little bit of lag and latency but for
the for the most part for almost all of
you what you have is a is reflective of
what you've given and what you've
sacrificed. Right? The fourth thing is
you should compare yourself to others.
So, another happygolucky notion that we
all seem to have in modern society is,
oh, don't compare yourself to others and
you know, comparison is the thief of
joy. Well, let me tell you something for
a second, Hick. If you want to get rich
and if you want to build a business,
you're going to have to sacrifice your
happiness for the next 5 to 10 years.
And that's just me being honest with
you. They say comparison is the thief of
joy, but are you optimizing for joy? You
know, I saw a Mr. Beast podcast episode
the other day and someone asked him
about his mental health and they said
how's your mental health and he said if
I was concerned about my mental health
that if if my mental health was a more
of a priority I wouldn't be so
successful and I resonated with that
because it's true like you you're not
it's not like the whole getting rich
thing is a horrible process it sucks.
It's like really painful and it's
psychologically damaging and it's not
fun. And I don't get this whole like
just be happy. You should just do just
be happy. It's like name me one great
man through history that's actually
truly been just optimizing for happiness
and joy. Like it's not happiness is not
this. It shouldn't. If you want to get
rich and be really successful and great,
you can do that whilst being happy. I'm
not saying you shouldn't be happy. Not
saying you should be depressed or
miserable. I'm just saying that you're
going to have to do things that
temporally temporarily make you unhappy.
For example, like this whole comparing
yourself to others thing, right, that
you can see on the screen here, like
you're it's a competitive game. You're
against people. You're going to have
competitors who are going to try and
take clients from you, who are going to
have better products, better marketing,
better sales teams, better systems,
better infrastructure. And if you just
bury your head in the sand and be like,
"Oh, I I don't I'm in a league of my
own. I don't compare myself to anyone."
It's like, well, then you're you're
you're in trouble. Um, you know, it's
kind of like trying to get into business
and not wanting to compare yourself to
people would be like trying to get into
competitive bodybuilding and not
comparing yourself to people because the
only How do you win in bodybuilding
where you have a better physique than
everybody else? And how do you know if
you've got a better physique than
everybody else? Well, you compare your
physique to everybody else's. So this
whole lovely this lovely notion, you
know, you shouldn't compare yourself to
other people, but success isn't lovely.
So, you know, I wouldn't bother trying
to do that. You know, it should piss you
off. Like, if someone's got more than
you, you should you should go on
Instagram with your shitty life and
scroll through people with good lives
and get pissed off. It should annoy you.
You should compare yourself to them.
It's a it's indicative of a of a need
that you have to grow and get better,
man. So, you know, this is a big one.
sit with
anxiety or
depression. Now, I have been anxious
before. I don't think I've had clinical
depression, but I've definitely had
periods where I've been very down. And
look, I'm not a psychologist. I'm not an
expert in men men's mental health. But
what I can tell you is that if you are
anxious or you are depressed, then you
have got a very good reason to get to
work and do things. Anxiety and
depression are to me, you know, I've got
a very practical notion of these and a
lot of people will disagree with me and
that's totally fine. To me, these things
are
like reasons to work, you know, because
basically these these the symptoms,
okay? Everyone thinks that anxiety and
depression are the diseases, but really
to me they're the symptoms that
something is seriously wrong. You know,
I heard a quote once, I can't remember
where it was from. It said you're not
there. It's like a thing about young men
with
anxiety, you know, because what happens
a lot of people, they just they get
anxious, they get depressed, they just
roll over and they just admit defeat to
these illnesses and they just they they
just become very docile and they just
let this these illnesses just run them
over. And I heard a quote once saying,
"You're not anxious, you're just playing
a competitive game and you're losing."
And for men, anxiety can often manifest
because your perspective of where you
sit on the social hierarchy is too low.
And that is a very reductive way to look
at anxiety and men's mental health. Of
that, I am well aware. And there are
probably genuine cases of real clinical
anxiety that come from biological means.
And I'm not trying to dis discredit
anyone's mental illness here. But a lot
of the time if a man is experiencing
anxiety or depression, it's not because
he's anxious or depressed, but just
because he has a [ __ ] life and that's
his own fault. You know, if you're out
of shape, if you're broke, if you've got
no friends, if you have no female
prospects, if you're
like, like, of course you're upset, of
course you're anxious, of course you
feel worried and nervous, and of course
you feel, you know, sad. It's like
sometimes it's not it's not because you
sometimes the reason you have anxiety or
depression is because you have a bad
life. Not because you have anxiety or
depression. Like typically like imagine
this for me. Let's say that you have a
bit of a proclivity towards anxiety or
depression right now. And let's say that
you know you feel a little anxious, a
little depressed. If I gave you um a
successful business with meaningful work
and great people to be around and work.
If I gave you a fully um healthy like
well ststructured social life. If I gave
you a healthy clean body full of you
know vitamins and just like you know you
you look in great shape with great
health and perfect sleep and everything.
And then if I also gave you like um a
woman to love or a man to love or
whatever you're into and like a
meaningful deep relationship, would you
still be as anxious or depressed? No,
you wouldn't. Like, you know, yeah, sure
there maybe maybe you have a biological,
you know, reason to suffer. But that's
rare, very rare. And I think that a lot
of these like you you don't want I mean,
this is my thing. I've been anxious and
I've had not depression, but I've had
very sad times in my life. And what I've
always done is instead of rolling over
and taking pills or talking about it in
therapy for hours and hours on end, I've
got to work. And I've I've seen these
diseases as as as being symptomatic of
some a further problem in my life. And
I've usually found that by fixing those
problems that the anxiety and depression
goes away. They're signals. It's your
brain telling you that things aren't
good. And so you want to sit with them.
You want to process them. You want to
feel them. You want to deal with them.
You don't want to bury them away. But
the way you get them to go away is by
fixing your life, not by just taking
some medicine. Trust me. Like this might
not be true for everybody, but I can
only tell you my experience. And you
might disagree and you know, maybe I'll
get a message from a female friend from
5 years ago saying, "I can't believe
what you said about that." That's fine,
but this is just what's worked for me,
right? I'm not saying it worked for
everyone. Um, number six, stop living. I
need to stop doing stop stop
living in the moment. So, this is
another bias. This is kind of dark,
right? Everyone's like, "Oh, you just
need to live in the moment. You just
need to be present and you know, you
just need to be here in the now and
just, you
know, business is delayed gratification.
success is by by its purest nature
delayed gratification. It's impossible
to succeed without things taking time,
right? And so when someone says like,
"Oh, I just live in the present or you
know, I'm just living in the moment."
What that usually means is they are
living in hedonistic pleasure and
they're just giving into their immediate
psychological desires and impulses in
the here and in the here and now. All of
my life I lived in the present moment
for the future. And that's pretty much
my any any entrepreneurs's existence.
Anyone that's done anything significant
with their life or has achieved anything
spends all of their time in the present
or in the moment thinking about the
future or trying to avoid making
mistakes that then manifest in the past.
And you know, I just there's no there's
no time for this. Do you want to get
rich? Do you want to be successful? who
can't afford to do the the partying and
the drinking and the the drugs and the
alcohol and the, you know, the the
random trips here and there and the the
stuff just to be in the present moment.
I'm not saying you shouldn't meditate.
I'm not saying you shouldn't take a
moment to be in the moment. I'm just
saying that you shouldn't optimize your
brain and your life and your time to be
in the here and now all the time. You
need to be almost living in the future
and thinking about the future and
constantly, you know, trying to draw
that
forward. this. What I want to say is all
of this advice only applies if you're if
you're seeking extreme commercial
success. So, you know, if you're just if
you want to have like a normal life,
just like a normal standard average
mediocre life, it's absolutely fine. You
don't have to do these things. But if
you want to experience any level of, you
know, abnormal commercial um abundance,
you know, which is millions and millions
of dollars, then these things become
pretty necessary and you have to
unsubscribe to the the newsletter, so to
speak, of of society. Number seven is
sacrifice
everything. Not your religion, not your
mother, not your health, anything that
isn't one of those three things, you
know, family, body, and God has to be
put on the fire. There isn't much time
for anything. If you want to get it done
properly, you're going to have to get
rid of friends. If you want to get it
done properly, you're going to have to
get rid of people, you know, people in
your life that don't serve you. You're
going to have to get rid of everything.
Like when I think back to everything
that I sacrificed I've sacrificed
everything for my goal. The only thing
that I the only thing that I have really
that is is outside of my my work is my
relationship with God, my family and my
relationship with my family, my body and
my health and my mind because I still
take good care of myself and my very
limited and small social circle. That's
it. Anything that isn't that has been
thrown on the fire. all addictions, all
junk, anything else has been gone. And I
don't make time for anyone else or
anything else except for my work and my
goal. And you know, this is the thing
about becoming successful to, you know,
that quote in um Interstellar at the
end, maybe you haven't seen the movie,
but it's like one thing humans haven't
figured out how to do is get somewhere
without leaving something behind. It's
kind of like the fundamental law of
propulsion, basically. Um, get rid of
everything, sacrifice everything, remove
everything. Like all these things that
you think you need, you don't need them.
Like you know, you need a bed and a
desk, clean running water, a roof over
your head, a decent social life, a
family, and your body. Like everything
else can be pretty much sacrificed,
right? There's going to be a few things
here and there that you might want to
keep, but video games, junk food,
pornography, the news, social media,
anything that isn't the work or a
fundamental biological or psychological
need should be sacrificed. And the more
you sacrifice, the more you give, the
more you'll get. Trust me. Like
billionaires are masses of sacrifice
basically. Yeah. So this is an
interesting one. So number eight is you
know this whole idea of um you have all
the
time in the
world. You know that whole idea when
you're like 20 and then all your
grandparents are like, "Oh, like the
world's your oyster. Like you've got all
the time in the world. Just go
traveling.
It's not right, man. Like, you don't
have all the time in the world. Like, if
you go and look at the history of the of
the
cosmos, we don't have much time, you
know? We've been given this gift of
life, this remarkable, you know,
consciousness that we get to experience.
And like, you don't really have any
time. You've got maybe like 80, 90 years
max, and you're probably already 20,
right? Or around that age. So, let's say
you make it to like the the median
average age in the US or the West, which
is probably like 85 or something. Like,
you've probably only got like what 60
years left, 50 years left. That's not
much. Like, you know, it's you really
don't have much time at all. This notion
that you've got all the time in the
world. I get sometimes I get like sad
thinking how little time I have because
here's the thing is
like how much time time is proportion to
um ambition and so for example I'm I'm
very ambitious in so far as that I want
to build a massive multi-billion dollar
corporation be hugely successful and you
know acrew tons of wealth and be really
successful and influential and the the
thing about that is if my goal was just
to make six figures then I've got all
the time in the world because it's not
it doesn't take that much time to do
that. But to build a massive enterprise
with real true commercial value that
takes a long time and so suddenly the
the the the the compression time frame
window seems so severe because I want to
do so much and what little time I have
and how much time you have is is
indicated by how much you want to do.
Kind of like let's say that you're going
to Paris for 3 days and you want to see
30 different tourist attractions.
Suddenly you have no time at all. But if
you go to Paris for 3 days and you just
want to see the Eiffel Tower, now you've
got all the time in the world because
it's what you want to do compared to how
much time you have. That makes sense. So
you do not have all the time in the
world. Stop using that as an excuse to
go to barley and just mess around with
people on surfboards on the beach
because you will regret it if you want
to be rich. Once again, this does not
apply if you're not interested in
building genuine commercial value. Um,
number nine, it's not
going to be okay. You know, I I had this
this friend once who was a girl and I
was going through a bit of a tough time
and bless her, she was so sweet and she
she used to tell me like, "It's okay to
not be okay and you know, everything's
going to be fine. Like, it's all going
to be okay in the end." And I
appreciated the sentiment and I think
that's a nice thing for her to say. But
when it comes to business struggles and
when it comes to, you know, commercial
struggles, you know, enterprise
struggles in in in the company or with
money, it's not going to be okay. Like
if you've got a problem and you just if
if someone right, put it this way,
imagine you go to a doctor and you have
um pancreatic cancer, right? The hardest
cancer to cure. What the doctor's not
going to do is tell you, "Don't worry.
You're going to be fine. It's all going
to be okay." Because what happens when
when they when they do that is they
basically invite complacency into your
life. Like you now suddenly you're like,
"Oh, I'm going to be fine anyway, so
it's fine." What a doctor does is they
they empathetically stress the severity
and the gravity of the health situation
at hand. And that then encourages you
and forces you by nature to take action
to solve the problem. If you have a
business problem or if you're broke or
poor, like right now you might be broke
and someone might say, "Oh, it's okay.
you know, is this all going to be okay?
Everything's going to work itself out in
the end. No, things will only work
themselves out in the end if you work.
And the only reason you're going to work
is because you believe that the only way
it's going to work is if you work. But
if you fool yourself into this comfort
trap of thinking like, "Oh, I'm going to
be fine." Then you're screwed. Then
you'll never be fine because you're
never going to do anything. So anytime
someone tells you that it's going to be
okay, it's like it's not. It's like, you
know, like when I've when I've had like
personal problems before, like mental
health problems, and someone's like,
"Oh, it's all going to be okay." It's
like, "Yes, it will be if I do something
to fix it." So, you don't want to invite
this little complacent statement into
your life. It's a dangerous thing. And
then the last one is this idea that
everything
happens for a reason. So, you know, this
this statement which is kind of like,
oh, everything happens for a reason.
Like, you know, yes, it does. It's cause
and effect, right? But what a lot of
people say is they say everything
happens for a reason, but they think
it's this like mystical woowah thing
that's out of their control. Everything
in the universe is cause and effect.
Everything happens because something
else happened. It's like the laws of
physics and nature. And if if your life
is in a bad situation, like I see this
where people justify things where like
someone will make a really bad decision
and a series of terrible mistakes and
end up in a really shitty place in their
life. And what someone will tell them or
what they'll tell themselves is, "Oh,
everything happens for a reason." and
they'll comfort themselves with the fact
that this thing has happened. And what
happens when you believe this everything
happens for a reason idea is you
basically are telling yourself that you
are a victim of the universe like oh I'm
in this bad situation because of some
reason. No, the reason is you like you
are where you are because you put
yourself there. It's not it's nothing
else other than that. There's there's no
magical mystical force. I mean, yeah,
God, the universe, whatever you want to
believe in, but in my opinion, you do
everything to yourself. And it's very
stupid and idiotic to do something
stupid, make bad decisions like getting
fat or getting into a terrible
relationship, and then facing the
consequences of those, and then just
saying the reason that you're in a bad
place is because of some reason. No,
it's you. You did it. And as soon as you
absolve yourself of the responsibility
or personal accountability for the
outcomes of your existence, then you're
in some deep trouble. That's when you
get the depression, anxiety that you
cannot solve because you, as far as
you're concerned, it's the reason. And
because you can't see the reason or
define the reason, why would you even
try and fight it? So, that's 10 things.
They're dark. They're not they're not
fun. Success isn't this fun journey. I
know you've seen the movies and you read
the books and god forbid you've seen the
lifestyle vlogs. Sucks, man. It's not
fun. It's not an it's not an it's not
like a it is fun because you know you
get to get really rich with the boys and
create lots of value and you get all
these shiny objects from it but you know
it's it's not this isn't for everyone
this I think people understand this with
like athletes like I think you'd
understand that if you wanted to be like
a professional athlete you've got to go
through pain and you got to go through
real trial and struggle and you know we
we get that if you want to be a pro
boxer it's really difficult if you
wanted to be like a proate basketball
player it's really difficult it's
competitive etc etc you know if someone
if someone got bronze medal at the
Olympics. Well, let's say someone came
fourth place at the Olympics. No one
would turn around at that person and
say, "Oh, don't worry, mate. Everything
happens for a reason." No, they'd all
understand you got out competed by three
other people and you deserve to be in
fourth because that's exactly where you
where you are, right? In sports, this
makes a lot of sense. But in business,
everyone seems to misunderstand this
this thing because it's more abstract.
So, just bear these things in mind as
you're on your journey towards success
because I learned them along the way and
it's been a decade now and I certainly
have far less patience for all these,
you know, lovely little um notions of
happiness like they're not real. They'll
screw you over. Bye.
